#BFSI Voice Agent (Banking, Financial Services and Insurance AI Agent) A Voice agent for BFSI where my objective is to build an AI driven voice agent to that simulates the role of a Sales Development Representative for Fintech companies , the agent will focus on making outbound calls to both potential and existing customers, delivering tailored scripts then followed by capturing customer responses based on the customer responses the agent has to talk back and facilitate the next steps in sales process. Now the key here is the agent should be talking in both hindi and english suppose if there's a sudden shift in the customer's language to Hindi the model will immediately understand and shift it's speaking to Hindi. This idea is to help mimic the human conversation, ensuring clarity, natural human tone etc. my main objective here is to Create an AI voice agent that can autonomously handle outbound calls to drive customer engagement and generate leads, effectively replacing traditional SDR tasks. Few of the key deliverables are : An interactive voice system capable of understanding and generating natural Language. Integration with customer data sources to personalize calls. A logging mechanism to capture call transcript, call recording for follow-up and analysis. Also not involving in intervention of customer privacy it'll create a log only with name and phone number no other details taken unless the customer confirms that he/she would like to join their plan. I'm using various technologies like locally hosted LLMs, for speech to text Deepgram or any other API which is used for BFSI then for text to speech either Eleven Labs or other agents related to that and mainly Twilio or Plivo for making outbound calls for database management either SQL or NOSQL but mostly CRM to store call logs and customer data. The main approach towards building this AI agent is dividing the entire problem in 4 stages which is designing the dialogue system then followed by STT and TTS integration, telephony connection using Plivo or Twilio for outbound calls and API integration and the final stage that is Simulate a real conversation by making a call and showing the demonstration on how the agent works and responds back based on customer response. The entire code will be written using Python and it's related frameworks. In the end after building this prototype the aim is to deliver a Call execution then the dialogue quality which is where the accuracy of STT and TTS implementation shows in natural sounding delivery and also the conversation is fluid, completely aware of the context and capable of handling customer queries, The agent should be able to transcript customer response and then follow ups accordingly and not to forget the seamless integration and user experience when compared to the traditional Sales Development Representative where the customer engagement and conversation is poor which is what this agent solves.
